Set eraseOnUpload to true for React adapters (#886)
AlCalzone/create-adapter: docs/updates/20220301_erase_on_upload.md

# Set `eraseOnUpload` to `true` for React adapters

Since `@iobroker/adapter-dev` version 1.1.0 the output from `npm run build` might be split into multiple output files with random names.

> As `ioBroker.js-controller` with versions below 4.1 will not erase old files on upload, new adapter versions might upload more and more files to the `admin` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since all currently available `ioBroker.js-controller` versions do not erase old files on upload, new adapter versions might upload more and more files to the `admin` directory.
```
